chore(docs) more detail in ipv4 data type & add operators (#1865)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/reference/operators/ipv4.md

```sql
ipv4 '33.1.8.43' < ipv4 '200.6.38.9' -> T
```

### <= Less than or equal

Takes two IPv4 arguments.

Returns a boolean.

#### Example

Use case: testing to see if one IP address is less than or equal to another.

```sql
ipv4 '33.1.8.43' <= ipv4 '33.1.8.43' -> T
```

### > Greater than

Takes two IPv4 arguments.

Returns a boolean.

#### Example

Use case: testing to see if one IP address is greater than another.

```sql
ipv4 '33.1.8.43' > ipv4 '200.6.38.9' -> F
```

### >= Greater than or equal

Takes two IPv4 arguments.

Returns a boolean.

#### Example

Use case: testing to see if one IP address is greater than or equal to another.

```sql
ipv4 '33.1.8.43' >= ipv4 '200.6.38.9' -> F
```

### = Equals

Takes two IPv4 arguments.

Returns a boolean.

#### Example

Use case: testing to see if one IP address is equal to another.

```sql
ipv4 '44.8.9.10' = ipv4 '6.2.90.1' -> F
```

### != Does not equal

Takes two IPv4 arguments.

Returns a boolean.

#### Example

Use case: testing to see if one IP address is not equal to another.

```sql
ipv4 '44.8.9.10' != ipv4 '6.2.90.1' -> T
```

### << Strict IP address contained by 

Takes one IPv4 argument and one string argument.

> IPv4 addresses are stored as an integer.
> 
> However, they are passed as a string.
> 
> As a result, string arguments can accept IPv4 addresses with a subnet mask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string argument can accept IPv4 addresses with a subnet mask, the IPv4 argument cannot.
```

This document outlines the IPv4 data type operators.

> IPv4 addresses are **passed** as `string`, but are **stored** as 32bit `int`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPv4 addresses are **passed** as `string`, but are **stored** as `int`.
```

Takes two IPv4 arguments.

> Arguments apply IPv4 addresses stored as an integer.
> 
> Therefore they cannot contain a subnet mask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Takes one IPv4 argument.

> Arguments apply IPv4 addresses stored as an integer.
> 
> Therefore they cannot contain a subnet mask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Takes two IPv4 arguments.

> Arguments apply IPv4 addresses stored as an integer.
> 
> Therefore they cannot contain a subnet mask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Takes one IPv4 argument and one integer argument.

> The IPv4 argument is stored as an integer.
> 
> Therefore the argument cannot contain a subnet mask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Takes one IPv4 argument and one integer argument.

> The IPv4 argument is stored as an integer.
> 
> Therefore the argument cannot contain a subnet mask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    
Takes two IPv4 arguments.

> Arguments apply IPv4 addresses stored as an integer.
> 
> Therefore they cannot contain a subnet mask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
